Add command for transferring liked tracks (#57)
sigma67/spotify_to_ytmusic: README.rst

For backwards compatibility you can also create your own file and pass it using ``--file settings.ini``.

> If you want to transfer liked songs from Spotify, choose "yes" for oAuth authentification, otherwise choose "no".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to transfer private playlists from Spotify (i.e. liked songs), choose "yes" for oAuth authentication, otherwise choose "no".
```

    spotify_to_ytmusic all <spotifyuserid>

Transfer liked tracks of the Spotify user
-----------------------------------------

**You must you oAuth authentification for transfering liked songs.**

.. code-block::

   spotify_to_ytmusic liked

> This command will open browser where you should give access to your account (if you havn't done that before). 

Reviewer: This is not quite correct? The user needs to run `setup` before and choose `use_oauth` correctly, unless I missed something

Author: User needs to run `setup` for sure but authentication process only starts when we run command that start transferring. Maybe we should describe this behaviour in other section of readme?

> After authorization you will be redirected to localhost, copy link you were redirected to (looks like localhost/?code=...) and paste to command line.

Reviewer: I think this requires setting the correct redirect uri in the Spotify dashboard? Please state such here.

Author: I'm not sure I haven't set any redirect uri and successfully transfer my tracks. Probably Spotify add localhost by default. I will update readme and mention that.
